feat(state): Add Next Block Proposer in `PrepareProposal` (#24)
berachain/cometbft: spec/abci/abci++_methods.md

    | misbehavior           | repeated [Misbehavior](#misbehavior)            | List of information about validators that misbehaved.                                                            | 4            |
    | height                | int64                                           | The height of the block that will be proposed.                                                                   | 5            |
    | time                  | [google.protobuf.Timestamp][protobuf-timestamp] | Timestamp of the block that that will be proposed.                                                               | 6            |
    | next_validators_hash  | bytes                                           | Merkle root of the next validator set.                                                                           | 7            |
    | proposer_address      | bytes                                           | [Address](../core/data_structures.md#address) of the validator that is creating the proposal.                    | 8            |

>     | next_proposer_address | bytes                                           | [Address](../core/data_structures.md#address) of the validator that will create the proposal at the next height. | 9            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | next_proposer_address | bytes                                           | [Address](../core/data_structures.md#address) of the validator scheduled to create the proposal at the next height (also the proposer at round 1 of the current height if consensus goes into multiple rounds). | 9            |
```
